+++
type = "blacklog"
layout = ""

draft = false

date = 2020-01-26T15:56:30-05:00
publishDate = 2020-01-26T15:56:30-05:00
expiryDate = ""
lastMod = ""
lastModDisplay = false

title = "Lifedate 20.01.26"
subtitle = "I have survived another day"

description = "This is a really short description for today."

authors = ["dwayne cyrus"]

tags = ["tag", "three", "key", "feelings"]
keywords = ["physical", "emotional", "mental", "logbook"]
+++
### 18:09
**Feeling Chart:** Hopeful *++Consider adding a feeling emoji++*
* **Physically:** My head is hurting and I have a few nerve pains in my shoulder (right) and legs (right).
* **Emotionally:** I feel as though I can get my design project done. If I get a base if the end result done by 12pm, I can really have something going for me.
* **Mentally:** My brain is still feeling flat with difficulty in staying and getting focused.

## 10:32
**Feeling Chart:** Inspired
* **Physically:** My eyes are feeling a bit sore. I will say that making sure to sleep last night instead of staying u was the best decision.
* **Emotionally:** As I am working through the design of my form, I’m feeling pretty nice about myself.
* **Mentally:**My is moving, it’s working, it’s generating ideas and solving problems.

## 15:05
**Feeling Chart:** Successful
* **Physically:** I’m hungry and cold, quite cold, little bit of head hurting
* **Emotionally:** I feel good. I am making progress on my design project and it feels right!
* **Mentally:** My brain has been working it needed a few breaks from the content every now and then, but it’s all good.

## 19:15
* **Feeling Chart:** Hopeful
* **Physically:** I am hungry and my brain is slowing down a bit. I really want tot shower, but every minute is precious right now. I’m also on a roll, I feel like this state of being should have been me since the beginning of school. Slight headache, probably from lack of food.
* **Mentally:** My brain is tired! I do not know how I am going to deal with this essay nonsense. I don’t know how to find references online.

*11535*
